Good day mga mima, for today's mini vlog,
we will go to one of the private
pool here in Angeles, Pampanga.
This is where we will go mga mima,
Apollonia's private pool located at Purok 5, Barangay
Cuayan, Angeles City, Pampanga.
You can also search this on google maps
mga mima.
When you enter here mga mima, they will
immediately give you a huge parking space, which
is also one of the things we consider
mga mima whenever there is an occasion.
So that it is not difficult to find
parking for our visitors and so that their
vehicles are also safe.
This is their pool area mga mima, they
have two swimming pools, 2.5 feet for
kids and 4 feet for adults.
That's why our kids are safe here mga
mima.
Here we are in their very big and
powerful villa.
When you enter here mga mima, they will
immediately give you a very clean and very
big living room.
It is also aesthetic and instagrammable mga mima.
Here in front of their living room, they
have a bar table and kitchen.
You can also put your preparations there mga
mima.
If you also want to cook mga mima,
they also have a dirty kitchen here.
It also includes a basic utensil and refrigerator.
They also have 3 rooms and 1 CR.
This is their first room mga mima.
They also have two double decks here, inverter
aircon and table and chair with mirror.
Next to it is their room number 2.
It is also the same as room number
1.
It also has two double decks, inverter aircon,
table and chair with mirror and to hang
things.
This is also their CR.
Here we are in room number 3, their
master bedroom.
They have one king bed, table and chair,
inverter aircon, full body mirror and to hang
things.
They also have a CR in their master
bedroom.
Here we are in their function hall mga
mima.
If the function hall is included in your
innovation mga mima, you can have a 100
bucks visiting guest.
This is their stage mga mima.
Their function hall also includes two CR.
This is what their function hall looks like
when there are decorations.
It's really perfect for any occasion, birthday, wedding,
baptism, family reunion, special events, and any family
gathering.
Here we also celebrated my graduation and Kaden's
2nd birthday party mga mima.
Included in the inclusion mga mima, this is
their 50 chairs and round table.
They also have a table with lights here
mga mima to put the preparations.
Their video is also free use to mga
mima.
For others, it costs 500 pesos.
They also have a small room here for
day swimming and their villa will not be
available.
They have two double decks, table and chair,
and one window type.
They also have a slide and swing here
for children.
Basketball and volleyball court for ball is life.
And a big heart perfect spot for couples.
They also have two CR here next to
their pool area.
You can also grill here because the barbecue
griller is also included in the inclusion.
And of course, the wifi will not be
lost.
Here are their rates.
16,000 for villa, function hall, and pool
for overnight.
And 18,000 for villa, function hall, pool,
and small room for overnight.
All in na nga ito mga mima.
Kaya magpabukong na kayo mga mi para sa
inyong mga future events.
Ito ang kanilang facebook page mga mima.
Hanggang dito na lang muna mga mima.
See you on my next mini vlog.